App policy custom password block (#15650)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/passwordcredentialconfiguration.md

## Properties

| Property                            | Type                         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| :---------------------------------- | :--------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | restrictionType                     | appCredentialRestrictionType | The type of restriction being applied. The possible values are: `passwordAddition`, `passwordLifetime`, `symmetricKeyAddition`, `symmetricKeyLifetime`,`customPasswordAddition`, `unknownFutureValue`. Each value of restrictionType can be used only once per policy.                                                                                        |
> | maxLifeTime                         | Duration                     | Value that can be used as the maximum number for setting password expiration time in days, hours, minutes or seconds. Defined in ISO 8601 format for Durations. For example, "P4DT12H30M5S" represents a duration of four days, twelve hours, thirty minutes, and five seconds. This property is required when restriction type is set to `passwordLifetime`. |
> | restrictForAppsCreatedAfterDateTime | DateTimeOffset               | Enforces the policy for an app created on or after the enforcement date. For existing applications, the enforcement date would be back dated. To apply to all applications, enforcement datetime would be null.                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: I don't think the new member would be added before the sentinel unknownFutureValue property. According to the enums guidance, new members are always added after the last value to avoid breaking changes.
Also, if you check the generated stubs, you should see the note about the required header
```suggestion
| restrictionType                     | appCredentialRestrictionType | The type of restriction being applied. The possible values are: `passwordAddition`, `passwordLifetime`, `symmetricKeyAddition`, `symmetricKeyLifetime`, `unknownFutureValue`, `customPasswordAddition`.  Note that you must use the `Prefer: include-unknown-enum-members` request header to get the following value(s) in this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `customPasswordAddition`. Each value of restrictionType can be used only once per policy.                                                                                        |
| maxLifeTime                         | Duration                     | Value that can be used as the maximum number for setting password expiration time in days, hours, minutes or seconds. Defined in ISO 8601 format for Durations. For example, "P4DT12H30M5S" represents a duration of four days, twelve hours, thirty minutes, and five seconds. This property is required when restriction type is set to `passwordLifetime`. |
| restrictForAppsCreatedAfterDateTime | DateTimeOffset               | Enforces the policy for an app created on or after the enforcement date. For existing applications, the enforcement date would be back-dated. To apply to all applications, this date would be `null`.                                                                                                                                               |
```

Author: That's not correct. The API review doc has it differently. 
Long term we should come up with an indicator for evolvable enums such that we don't keep adding a blurb of text in our docs. Something for API review and Graph team to think about.

> | restrictForAppsCreatedAfterDateTime | DateTimeOffset               | Enforces the policy for an app created on or after the enforcement date. For existing applications, the enforcement date would be back dated. To apply to all applications, enforcement datetime would be null.                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| restrictForAppsCreatedAfterDateTime | DateTimeOffset               | Enforces the policy for an app created on or after the enforcement date. For existing applications, the enforcement date would be backdated. To apply to all applications, this date would be `null`.                                                                                                                                               |
```
